
Hello,

My name is Andrew Witte and I am a Computer Science major. I currently work in an IT department of a local Credit Union. I mostly work on PC’s, troubleshooting and building PC’s. This is my first semester at SUNY New Paltz. I had first gotten my Associates degree in Network Administration at SUNY Ulster, but then decided I had a lot more interest in programming. I then went back to Ulster to get my degree in Computer Science. I have taken classes in Game design, we used Unity engine. I first created an RPG style game with a group my first semester, but for my last project I worked alone on a Tower defense game. I have also taken web development courses. We learned basic HTML and CSS as well as dived into Ruby on rails. I was able to create my own website that was a merch store. There was a checkout option and an area to enter your credit card information as well as browse around through different pages such as an about us page and contact page. I also was able to be part of an app development team where we helped start the design for an app for Android and iOS. The app was designed so students who went to Ulster could see what resources the school provided. We added a Google map that showed the user where they were on the campus as well as show them where buildings and specific rooms were.

I am hoping to take what I learn in this class and apply it to where I work. The credit union I work at MHVFCU is growing and the IT department plan’s on creating a software department. They are always looking for people to work on their website to make it easier for members, more stable and secure. I am hoping what I learn in this class I can transition over to my job and help with those improvements they are looking for. 

 
